welcome to st. Andrews everyone as
Birmingham City look to ease the
pressure down at the bottom as they host
Blackburn Rovers today stays down here
on King if we sit in to ask Assad who
makes no mistake this time
Blackburn Rovers safely through
religious thirds siren bidding in the
last nine games winning three of those
it's a terrific delivery Cassetti sir
again there is no stopping it
twenty minutes and Blackburn Rovers are
two to the good here and two headers
from really sad
deflection on x-ray
well Kane will take the plaudits a
generous deflection on route Seagal
deceiving Randolph and and with it all
today oh and it's for I'm really sad
it's got a hat-trick it gets better and
better for Blackburn Rovers the pain at
the bottom for Birmingham City given
18th of the start of play behind here to
get one back Riley
nickel grass and a really good head out
to get burning him back into this from
Nicholas a kitch give us three the last
four home games did you have the worst
home record hit the championship
Birmingham okay dad
and they're going to get another one
back
gray with six minutes to go